1) Load a pre-trained LSTM-based NMT model and use it to translate a sentence from one language to another:

2) Implement beam search decoding for an NMT model to improve translation quality

3) Create a feature to translate the language from French to Tamil and it should translate if the French word has only five letter if word has more than 
   five letters or less than five letters the model should not translate the word


4) Create a feature to throw an error if we enter wrong word, and provide some suggestion if we enter wrong word twice continuously it should show the list of 
   wrong words which we enter so far in the error notification as well as some suggestions related to the word.


5) Create a feature to translate the language with a combination of two languages at the same time. We should be able to 
   convert the 2 different languages at the same time. translate English to French and Hindi at the same time . This model
   should work only for 10 letter English words. If we enter below 10 letters or above 10 letters it should not work. 

6) Create a feature to translate the English word to Hindi and it should not translate if the English word starts with vowels and other words it should convert.
   If we enter a English word starts with Vowels it should show an error message as This word starts with Vowels provide some other words and this model should 
   be able to convert english word starts with vowels around 9 PM to 10 PM

7) Create a feature to translate the audio into Hindi . The system will listen the english audio from user and it will convert into Hindi word.
   If the system does not understand the audio it will ask repeat one more time to make it better.. The audio should be in English word only . 
   This translation feature work on only after 6 PM IST timing and before that it should show message like please try after 6 PM IST as well as
   it should not translate any english which is start with M and O apart from that it should translate all other words .